When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
     when sharing with people or even as a backup

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
     to have control over the local version.  It may notbe necessary to update local repository.  remote may not work properly and so forth.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
     forks are clones on GitHub.  use this to clone somebody elses repository on github so it can be referred back to.
     clones local copies of repositories or copy of repository on github  on local machine.  use when copy of repository on github is desired on local machine.  
     Branch is a brach off of current version so work can either be shared with other people by adding new features and later on merging original master branch with parallel version. Or use bran ch when invesitgating new possibilities, experimenting with the original without affecting original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
     to create arefernece point if offline for a long time.  this would help later in case there are issues with merging local and remote .

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
     have meetings, conference calls emails voice mails, etc.  that seems a lot more involved than github.  git hub stremlines this process and condenses it in one easy to view space.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
     making chnages in a different branch allows exoerimenting with the master without affecting the master and keep it in workable condition.  it allows to share thebarnch with others for feedback. this will allow for making changes to the branch before merging with the master.  Aloows for introduction of new features.  WOrking on the master branch direclty and immediately affects the master.  this has thebenefit of fast roll out but has the drawback of affecting the master negatively in case bugs are introduced.